Add support for custom ServiceMonitors at CR level (#27)
trustyai-explainability/trustyai-service-operator: README.md

If you want to use a different image or tag in the future, you'll need to update the ConfigMap and redeploy the operator to have the changes take effect. The running TrustyAI services won't be redeployed automatically. To use the new image or tag, you'll need to delete and recreate the TrustyAIService resources.

### Configuring the Service Monitor

A `TrustyAIService` can be monitored with a Prometheus Service Monitor.
The operator will create one by default, but you can also create your own Service Monitor and have the operator use that instead.
This can be done by setting the `serviceMonitor` field in the `TrustyAIService` spec.
As an example:

```yaml

> apiVersion: trustyai.opendatahub.io/v1alpha1
> kind: TrustyAIService
> metadata:
>   name: trustyai-service-example
> spec:
>   storage:
>     format: "PVC"
>     folder: "/inputs"
>     pv: "mypv"
>     size: "1Gi"
>   data:
>     filename: "data.csv"
>     format: "CSV"
>   trustyaiMetrics:
>     schedule: "15s"
>   serviceMonitoring:
>    endpoints:
>      - interval: "4s"
>        path: "/q/metrics"
>        honorLabels: true
>        targetPort: 8080
>        scheme: "http"
>        bearerTokenFile: "/var/run/secrets/kubernetes.io/serviceaccount/token"
>        bearerTokenSecret: 
>          key: "your-key-name" # replace this with your key name
>        params:
>          match[]:
>            - '{__name__= "trustyai_spd"}'
>            - '{__name__= "trustyai_dir"}'
>        metricRelabelConfigs:
>          - action: "keep"
>            regex: "trustyai_.*"
>            sourceLabels: ["__name__"]
>    selector:
>      matchLabels:
>        app.kubernetes.io/name: "trustyai-service-example"

Reviewer: I would probably keep only the most sensible part of the example instead of the full spec (with storage etc). Otherwise it is yet another sample that we need to keep aligned
```suggestion
apiVersion: trustyai.opendatahub.io/v1alpha1
kind: TrustyAIService
metadata:
  name: trustyai-service-example
spec:
  # all the spec ...
  serviceMonitoring:
   endpoints:
     - interval: "4s"
       path: "/q/metrics"
       honorLabels: true
       targetPort: 8080
       scheme: "http"
       bearerTokenFile: "/var/run/secrets/kubernetes.io/serviceaccount/token"
       bearerTokenSecret: 
         key: "your-key-name" # replace this with your key name
       params:
         match[]:
           - '{__name__= "trustyai_spd"}'
           - '{__name__= "trustyai_dir"}'
       metricRelabelConfigs:
         - action: "keep"
           regex: "trustyai_.*"
           sourceLabels: ["__name__"]
```
